### James Bach - Beauty or Bugs: Using the Blink Oracle in Testing

Here's how the blink technique works: 1. Blast a firehose of data at your senses. 2. Notice things
in it that are ugly, weird, or that in any other way seem worthy of investigation. (This process
takes time. Give yourself at least 20 milliseconds to make a judgment.) In this presentation I
will show some examples of blinking and how I use tools to create visualizations that support the
process. The art of blinking is in designing the right kinds of complex displays that make interesting
problems stand out.

{% include youtube.html video="5W_VLzNhT-s" %}

### Aslam Khan - Complexity sucks

Building software is mostly about trying to wrap our heads around the complexity of a domain. If we understand the domain,
we have a better chance of producing a simpler design. The harsh reality is that there is a pretty
good chance of deforming that simple design over months and years. The challenge we face is dealing
with inherent complexity up front and insidious complexity that sneaks in later. In this talk I
will share some techniques that I find useful in tackling domain complexity.

{% include youtube.html video="35cVAq2uMoU" %}

### Adam Tornhill - Guide refactorings with behavioral code analysis

Adam Tornhill is a programmer who combines degrees in engineering and psychology. He's the founder
of Empear where he designs tools for software analysis. He's also the author of Your Code as a
Crime Scene, Software Design X-Rays, Lisp for the Web, and Patterns in C. Adam's other interests
include modern history, music, and martial arts.

{% include youtube.html video="ZGVGfo5Nhss" %}

### Kevlin Henney - 1968

It's half a century since the NATO Software Engineering conference in Garmisch. How are we doing?
Are we nearly there yet? Or is there no there there? The world of software development has changed
so much and in so many ways since 1968 that it's difficult to imagine what we could learn from
the past, but it's learning rather than imagination that's the constraint. There was no shortage
of imagination, insight and inspiration in the 1960s and 1970s, and in many ways the apple of 21st-century
software development has fallen disappointingly close to the tree of the past. So let's turn back
the clock to see what we could have learned from the past, what we can still learn from the past
and what the future might hold in store for code and its development.

{% include youtube.html video="KjgvffBlWAg" %}

### Louis Hansen - Software professionals, we keep using that word...

We constantly refer to Software Development, and the people in this field, as professionals, but
are we really? Are we held sufficiently accountable for the things we build? And should we be?
This talk will go through what it means to be a profession in the classical definition. We will
look at what parts we already have in our field, and why we might want to strive for certain other
aspects.

{% include youtube.html video="ll0IvBWEdz0" %}

### Aino Vonge Corry - A Comment on how we learn

As an expert you will be asked to facilitate the learning of others, not to mention your personal
eternal learning in your field. Join an interactive session about how our brains accept new knowledge
and store it for later use. Your take-away will be three-fold; how to chunk information you give
to others, how to improve your own learning AND something to entertain with at dull parties.

{% include youtube.html video="Y7TQ5kW42bI" %}

### Kent Beck - Summarizing the Beauty in Code Conference

In this session Kent Beck reflects upon some of his take-aways from his career and summarizes the Beauty in Code conference

{% include youtube.html video="tM1iOJsR7p4" %}
