Couldn’t attend the conference? Not to worry. We’ve got everything on video and we’ll be posting each keynote here as soon as they’ve been edited. Check back here every now and then for new material.

### Alistair Cockburn — Getting Back To The Heart of Agile

Agile has become overly decorated, with vocabulary and rules to make your
head spin. It wasn't intended that way. In this talk, Dr. Alistair Cockburn,
one of the authors of the agile manifesto, shows how to abbreviate it all to
just four words: Collaborate, Deliver, Reflect, Improve. Oddly, shortening it
to those four words makes it easier to learn and more broadly applicable. Not
only that, it helps us find new, relevant topics, such as guest leadership
and solutions focus. What's best, these four words apply to all initiatives,
not just software or product development.

{% include youtube.html video="2e-7TFa9NhU" %}

### Nyari Samushonga — Misguided Loyalties

We all want to predictably deliver quality software solutions. Many
technical and process methodologies have been created to make this
possible. Yet time and again we repeat the age old patterns of late
delivery and poor quality, ensuring we continue to face the backlash of
unmet expectations. Could it be that while we profess to want to do better,
our overt and hidden attachments to unproductive ways mean we self sabotage
and follow patterns that ensure repeated failure? In this talk I'd like us
to peel away the layers and take a close look at some of the ways that what
we do ensures we do not get what we want. We have the tools to win we just
need to choose to use them.

{% include youtube.html video="_MbJ64I-FZc" %}

### Dr. Markus Borg — Trained, not coded – Beauty in Software 2.0

Deep learning has revolutionized several application areas, especially within
computer vision. However, developing systems that rely on machine learning (ML)
introduces new challenges. As features are trained rather than coded, the beauty
concept must expand to cover also data. But even with beauty in the training data,
how could we possibly trust AI in critical applications such as self-driving cars?

In this talk, we will look at testing of a pedestrian detection system in
state-of-the-art automotive simulators. We will discuss how the concept of
safety fundamentally changes with ML and present a promising approach to testing.
By embracing beauty in test code, we will demonstrate evolutionary test case
generation for testing of trained systems – using AI to test AI.

{% include youtube.html video="zmbfaIhUEzg" %}

### GeePaw Hill — Changing Changing Software

At its center, the software trade is about changing software. From the outside,
the trade seems to be flourishing, but when you look close, you see the
unmistakable signs of a feverish and decidedly unhealthy entity. So we're going
to have to change it. In this talk, GeePaw introduces the various challenges we
face in changing changing software, and offers an approach: re-centering our
entire trade — not just the code or the coding, but the entire industry — around
the fundamental activity: harvesting the value from making one change, then using
that value to fuel the next one. It's change, harvest, change, harvest, change,
harvest, over and over, day after day, world without end.

{% include youtube.html video="Z7q6YX8n920" %}
